DOC-7522 Add XDCR-Inter-Sync Gateway note (#327)
couchbaselabs/docs-sync-gateway: modules/ROOT/pages/learn/icr-sgreplicate.adoc

> = Inter-Sync Gateway Replication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Inter-Sync Gateway Replication introduced in Sync Gateway 2.8
```

:page-role: conceptual

> :description: Use Couchbase Sync Gateway's Inter-Sync Gateway Replication to keep clusters in different data centers in sync.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: Use inter-Sync Gateway replication to keep clusters in different mobile data centers in sync.
```

include::partial$_std-hdr-sgw.adoc[]

:topic-group: {tg-rep-icr}
:param-related: {xref-sgw-pg-config-properties} | {xref-sgw-pg-rest-api-admin} | {xref-sgw-pg-icr-running}

> :param-abstract: Inter-Sync Gateway Replication provides resilient, secure, scalable bidirectional synchronization of data between cloud and edge data centers. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:param-abstract: inter-Sync Gateway replication supports resilient, secure, scalable bidirectional synchronization of data between cloud and edge data centers. +
```

It incorporates content presented under Manage>Replicate>Inter-Sync Gateway to give an integrated view.
include::partial$block-abstract.adoc[]

// Footnotes
:fn-sgr1: footnote:sgr1[SG{nbsp}Replicate only]

> :fn-sgr2: footnote:sgr2[Inter-Sync Gateway Replication only]

Reviewer: I do not have context for this. Again, don't name this thing...refer to it as version of inter-Sync Gateway replication introduced in 2.8

image::icr-cloud-to-edge200712.svg[,600]

=== Active-to-active Mobile Synchronization
Here edge clusters containing active Sync{nbsp}Gateway nodes are replicated between geographically separate cloud-based Sync Gateway deployments.

> An ideal use-case for Inter-Sync{nbsp}Gateway Replication, which was designed to keep clusters in different data centres in sync.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An ideal use-case for inter-Sync{nbsp}Gateway replication, which was designed to keep clusters in different data centers in sync.
```

> The Couchbase Server cross data center replication API (xref:server:manage:manage-xdcr/xdcr-management-overview.adoc[XDCR]) is similarly used to replicate between Couchbase Server clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Couchbase Server Cross Data Center Replication API (xref:server:manage:manage-xdcr/xdcr-management-overview.adoc[XDCR]) is similarly used to replicate between Couchbase Server clusters.
```

> *However*, Inter-Sync{nbsp}Gateway Replication is specifically designed for Sync Gateway deployment and it *must* be used for replication between clusters containing active Sync{nbsp}Gateway nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*However*, inter-Sync{nbsp}Gateway replication is specifically designed for Sync Gateway deployments and it *must* be used for replication between clusters containing active Sync{nbsp}Gateway nodes. 

Active Sync Gateway nodes are nodes with incoming writes; these may be from Couchbase Lite clients, the REST API, or through the Couchbase Server.
```

_In this section_:  <<context>>  |  <<protocol>>  |  <<types-of-replication>>  |  <<delta-sync>>  |  <<directionality>>  |  <<security>>

=== Context

> Sync Gateway supports the ability to run replications between Sync Gateway clusters using Inter-Sync Gateway Replication, with the {glos-term-active-replicator} {glos-term-synchronizing} changes between two {glos-term-sync-gateway-databases}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sync Gateway supports the ability to run replications between Sync Gateway clusters using a new websockets based protocol, with the {glos-term-active-replicator} {glos-term-synchronizing} changes between two {glos-term-sync-gateway-databases}.
```

=== Protocol

> Replications run using Inter-Sync{nbsp}Gateway Replication, are websocket-based.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
inter-Sync{nbsp}Gateway replications are based on websockets. This is the exact same protocol that is used for replication with Couchbase Lite 2.x clients.
```
